---
title: "First Blog"
tags: [life feelings, plan]

---

## Fisrt blog here
#### Reason for this blog
I'm trying to do some fun things which can free me from the heavy coursework and the confused life. That's why I made this blog which is not only a test blog but also a summary of my academic situation and my personal life feelings.
#### Academic situation
At this moment, I'm trying to enrich my knowledge in CS aera. Specificially, I'm trying to learn OS, Database System, Computer Aritecture, Turing Machine and Computer Network (but it's really impossible to get enrolled). I'm also trying to learn deeper about PL and do some related research because I found my interests in it from a graduate course I'm taking right now.
#### Life feelings
The one thing that bother me the most is the application to graduate school. I really want to keep studying after graduating from XJTU because I feel like there's still a lot I want to learn and to explore. And I want to study aboard. However, due to many reasons (GPA, lack of confidence, lazyness and peer pressure), I'm worrying about it every day. Hope the blog can be a way for me to set free these pressure. Besides I'm having dreams everyday as well, possibly because of my relation problem and the pressure I just mentioned.
#### Things on my list
First, try to be more *confident* and communicate more with the professor (especially Alvin!) and keep a good mood. Try not to think of those things which will influence my normal life!
Second, be more productive and keep on with CSW186 and CS164 besides the courses I'm taking now. This is really important because it provides me with more skills. Also, GRE!
Third, finish **the 6 projects**. This may sounds ambitious but that's how I plan things. Let's see what's gonna happen :)
#### Plan for next year
All plans are ambitious as well, but I'm thinking if I can finish the previous part, they are all possible. There are 3 plans in all and I'll just keep them in my head.
